-Let's get to some news,
here, you guys.
Today in Congress,
Trump's former lawyer,
Michael Cohen,
testified about the president
and all his scandals.
Yep. He called Trump a "conman,"
a "cheat," and a "racist."
Trump heard that and was like,
"Great.
Now, I need a new
2020 campaign slogan."
[ Laughter, applause ]
"And a new Tinder bio."
[ Laughter ]
That's right.
Cohen went in front of Congress
and called Trump a "conman"
and a "cheat."
Then, he followed it up
by saying,
"He taught me
everything I know."
[ Laughter, applause ]
But Cohen's testimony
was on every TV channel,
and I heard that it was also
aired on Russian TV.
-Really?
-Yeah.
You know it's crazy when even
Vladimir Putin is like,
[ as Putin ]
"Pass popcorn."
[ Laughter, applause ]
"It's getting good.
This getting good."
[ Normal voice ] At one point,
Cohen discussed what Trump said
about his son, Don Jr.
Watch this.
-Mr. Trump had frequently
told me and others
that his son Don Jr.
had the worst judgment
of anyone in the world.
[ Laughter ]
-In response...
Don Jr. was like,
"Dad talked about me?"
[ Laughter, applause ]
"Wow."
And get this -- Cohen also said
that he's responsible
for making sure Trump's
SAT scores never leaked.
[ Laughter ]
It's safe to say the only time
Trump's seen a 1600
is when he passes
the White House mailbox.
[ Laughter, applause ]
Later on, a Congresswoman
asked Cohen how many times
Trump made him threaten someone
on his behalf.
Check this out.
-How many times did Mr. Trump
ask you to threaten
an individual or entity
on his behalf?
-Quite a few times.
-50 times?
-More.
-100 times?
-200 times?
-More.
-500 time?
-Probably.
[ Laughter ]
-"600 times?"
"Double it."
"700 times?"
"Square that."
"800?"
"Times that by infinity."
[ Laughter ]
"Wow."
During his testimony,
Cohen showed a check that he
says Trump used to pay him back
for Stormy Daniels'
hush money.
Take a look at this.
It's for $35,000.
Well, it turns out the president
wrote checks to Cohen
for all sorts of other
expenses, too.
Take a look.
First, Trump wrote a check
for a private investigator
to find out who
The Masked Singer is.
-Really?
-He also wrote a check
for taking Don Jr. and Eric
to Six Flags
and leaving them there.
[ Laughter, applause ]
And finally,
Trump sent a check to Cohen for
"hush money for my barber."
He writes
too many checks.
You guys, Cohen's testimony
was such a big deal
that it completely overshadowed
the summit
between Trump
and Kim Jong-un.
You could tell Trump was upset
'cause at one point,
he leaned over to Kim
and said,
[ As Trump ] "How much to
fire off a nuke right now?"
[ Laughter ]
"Don't hit anything."
[ Normal voice ] But get this -
I heard Kim Jong-un
actually brought his sister
to the summit.
It got awkward when Trump went
up to Kim's sister and said,
[ As Trump ] "Which one are you,
Khloe or Kourtney?"
[ Laughter, applause ]
[ Normal voice ]
Later on, Trump gave Kim
a pretty enthusiastic
handshake.
Check out the way Trump's arm
swoops in there.
Watch this.
[ Laughter ]
Trump shakes hands
like a used car salesman
who's desperate
to make a deal.
He's like, "So, we got a deal.
It's yours, right?
That's yours.
You own it now.
That's your car.
You own that forever now."
Well, throughout the day,
Trump actually posted
a bunch of photos about
his summit with Kim Jong-un
to his Instagram story.
Let's check it out.
Here's the first photo.
It's Trump and Kim
at dinner.
If we tap it,
we see that Trump wrote,
"Love being here in
Vietnom-nom-nom-nom-nom-nom."
[ Laughter ]
Here's the next photo
in the story.
You tap it,
and you see Trump wrote,
"That feeling when you and your
bro are about to touch tummies."
[ Laughter ]
And finally,
here's the last photo.
Tap it,
and Trump wrote,
"#faceswap."
[ Laughter, applause ]
He's having fun.
-Come on.
-All right,
Here's some good news.
Target is now selling wine
for just $10 a bottle.
[ Cheering ]
Meanwhile, Walmart just tapped
a keg of Natty Light
in the patio section and said,
"Go nuts."
[ Cheers and applause ]
And finally,
today Oprah lost $58 million
after the Weight Watchers stock
went down.
Even worse --
thanks to Weight Watchers,
she'll never
gain it back.
[ Laughter ]